Add documentation for Ink API (#21872)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/inkpresenter/index.md

---
title: InkPresenter
slug: Web/API/InkPresenter
page-type: web-api-interface
tags:
  - API
  - Experimental
  - Ink
  - Inking
  - InkPresenter
  - Interface
  - Landing
  - Latency
  - Overview
browser-compat: api.InkPresenter
---

{{APIRef("Ink API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`InkPresenter`** interface of the [Ink API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Ink_API) provides the ability to instruct the OS-level compositor to render ink strokes between pointer event dispatches.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Instance properties

- {{domxref("InkPresenter.expectedImprovement", "expectedImprovement")}} {{Experimental_Inline}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a value, in milliseconds, indicating the perceived latency improvements that can be expected using this presenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a value, in milliseconds, indicating the latency improvement that can be expected using this presenter.
```

- {{domxref("InkPresenter.presentationArea", "presentationArea")}} {{Experimental_Inline}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the {{domxref("Element")}} inside which rendering of ink strokes is confined.

## Instance methods

- {{domxref("InkPresenter.updateInkTrailStartPoint", "updateInkTrailStartPoint()")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Indicates which {{domxref("PointerEvent")}} was used as the last rendering point for the current frame, allowing the OS-level compositor to render an ink trail between that and the next point in the next animation frame.

Reviewer: Just a thought
```suggestion
  - : Passes the {{domxref("PointerEvent")}} that was used as the last rendering point for the current frame, allowing the OS-level compositor to render an ink trail between that and the next point in the next animation frame.
```

Reviewer: FWIW this all sounds a little odd - you update the rendering point for the current frame. This then "allowing the OS-level compositor to render an ink trail between that and the next point in the next animation frame."

So from the perspective of the current frame, you provided the information needed to draw the trail in the frame that just rendered. If you see what I mean.

Reviewer: ... and of course this might be rendered by the polyfil

Author: I've updated the description for this method. Let me know if you think it makes more sense now.

## Example

> ```js

Reviewer: Same as comment in "Ink API". I think I get it, but a few words might make this more immediately accessible.
